Matthew
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, now you guys are happy.
Matthew Montano: I got my happy meal. I love it.
Matthew Montano: Does this look better.
Gwenevere Abriel: That
Matthew Montano: Perfect time to look handsome.
Gwenevere Abriel: Always
Matthew Montano: That's, that's my goal in life.
Gwenevere Abriel: Look good feel good. We want you feeling good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Yeah. You got to
Gwenevere Abriel: Always look
Matthew Montano: I was gonna say I felt really good today and I'm I know that's that medication takes a while like couple weeks to kick in, but I felt different today. I felt kind of more
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, what did you start taking
Matthew Montano: The let me grab a real quick. Hold on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Set telegram.
Matthew Montano: And I haven't even I haven't checked my Suboxone yet today. So that's, it's not that the si la Tele pram or whatever.
Matthew Montano: Right, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, it doesn't matter if I said MOVE AND YOU WHAT DO WE CARE. You feel better.
Matthew Montano: That's great. Yeah, yeah.
Matthew Montano: I don't know. I don't know if it kicked in it to two and two days, maybe I'm just having a good day. But hopefully it's going to work. Okay. Absolutely.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, what I like is that she filled a prescription right away. I love that you are noticing the alarm of having
Gwenevere Abriel: These negative thoughts. So notice how it took me saying out loud. Are you having suicidal thoughts. Notice that what you were doing was clumping well you know as depression.
Gwenevere Abriel: Calling it depression. I definitely invite you in the future to be quite precise. I can't get out of bed. I'm skipping work. I haven't eaten.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't enjoy activities like I used to like it's really the, you know, especially sleep is probably the number one change when people are out of whack and the needle starting to turn one way or the other. Sleep tends to be a really big indicator when there's change there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which you mentioned something that had to do with an acting out behavior that for you real quick, getting a hold of a sexual partner. I think might be one, like, ah, want to want to go there. Is that right,
Matthew Montano: Getting another getting another sexual partner or
Gwenevere Abriel: I thought I heard you were concerned that you might just start hooking up with people.
Matthew Montano: If that if he if I, I see that he's hooking up with people I might get the urge to just start throwing my body out there and I don't want to do that. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Tell me about that. Tell me about why you don't want to not not just sit, slow, slow, slow, slow, slow.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just, I want to hear your answer to that question. I want to know you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't want to put my book, the whole body is coming out so
Gwenevere Abriel: I gotta, I gotta have it there.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Matthew Montano: Work it out. I told you.
Matthew Montano: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why didn't you don't want to do it just
Matthew Montano: Because I have I have respect for my body. I'm 31 years old. I've done that in the past and that that that temporarily gratified me and then it makes me feel like shit afterwards. Okay, gotcha.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and you recognize that. But you also recognize, but it's only it's one one piece of input away from you, deviating from the health of your body. So watch
Gwenevere Abriel: If he's gonna go do it screw my the health of my body. Watch how fast it leaves. Yes. You believe in treating your body right yeah right now, today, huh. What if he's doing it, fuck it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I just, just sit right in my clothes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like, yeah, I mean, I feel disgusted with myself and I like it to myself. But if he's doing. I'm going to do it so
Gwenevere Abriel: Look how close it is, it's right here.
Matthew Montano: There's
Gwenevere Abriel: That again someone else's behavior outside of you determines
Gwenevere Abriel: Your happiness, your behavior like a puppet. You are run by what other people do. And I don't want that for you.
Matthew Montano: I want you
Gwenevere Abriel: To be on
Gwenevere Abriel: Your own man determined by your own morals, your own beliefs and values. So I have noticed just in here just in this these couple minutes that we've been together it's you're already not talking over me.
Matthew Montano: You're right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that intensity is called hyper verbal in sort of this clinical world is is is down just a little bit, even from the last time I saw you in group and even more so, from the previous time in individual. Are you feeling
Matthew Montano: Yeah, yeah, that
Gwenevere Abriel: Urgency i gotta tell her I got to tell her.
Matthew Montano: Right, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, now that could be a good sign that can be a hey I'm okay with myself. I'm okay could be
Gwenevere Abriel: And you said you're having a good day.
Yeah, well,
Matthew Montano: What's up,
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think you've been doing
Gwenevere Abriel: To create this good day. What do you think you've done
Matthew Montano: I have been hanging out with friends that match my values. I'm the ones that that
Matthew Montano: I've been going to the gym.
Matthew Montano: And
Matthew Montano: I haven't been drinking
Matthew Montano: I've been been. I've been. My friends have like my friends are like, Oh, you're going through a breakup. Let's go out and drink. Let's go out and do this let's let's go party and I've been
Matthew Montano: Turning that down, you know, and they're good people. They're just a little bit younger than me. You know, I'm 31 there they're 20 there 2324 25
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's a party waiting to happen right there.
Yeah.
Matthew Montano: Yeah, like I have this I have, I have this really gorgeous friend and I found out a lot of information about Ryan from her yesterday.
Matthew Montano: The entire like the last few months, we were together, he was hiding so much stuff for me so I it's like it's kind of a relief, like I was like he was who I thought he was
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's hold that that's a that's an important little nugget right there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, he was who I thought
Matthew Montano: Now, and the whole time I was fighting myself to make myself being key was this who I wanted him. Yes, yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that can create a lot of arguing right
Gwenevere Abriel: Take a couple bites. I'm just gonna
Open up at all.
Gwenevere Abriel: Take a couple bites. I want you to to eat. I'm glad you're eating and I'll let me just get a note together while you're eating that's that works out. That's okay. So we're turning, dead, dead, dead, dead, dead. Think Tank go like dink dink dink
Dink okay
Gwenevere Abriel: So let me ask you something. I asked you, I asked you this before to
Gwenevere Abriel: Might get a different answer this time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want to spend time
Gwenevere Abriel: Talking about right. It's almost like a buddy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or because we did that last time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where do you want to have a therapeutic experience where there's a potential for new information to come up
Gwenevere Abriel: Or you might experience healing or you might experiencing, you might experience insight that you didn't have before. And you've had a couple of those before you've had it through some of this regression inner child work I did with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's more of a therapeutic intervention sometimes therapy is just us chit chatting and and me listening. But what do you want from today. What's, what's the higher need for you.
Matthew Montano: I would say therapeutic
Matthew Montano: Yeah yeah
Matthew Montano: I'm ready, I'm ready to
Gwenevere Abriel: Bring that bring it
Matthew Montano: Out there beyond
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah. Okay. So let me just take a peek at what resources, you've already developed while I'm doing that you can take another snack.
Matthew Montano: Okay, I wouldn't go to breathe out from like the best burrito place in town. So
Matthew Montano: Look, a good New Mexico Brito
Gwenevere Abriel: I am
Gwenevere Abriel: I got nothing here.
Matthew Montano: In Mexico, green surely
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, they got nothing. They don't even know what that is out here.
Matthew Montano: Mm hmm.
Matthew Montano: But just in New Mexico.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm okay. So I'm revisiting, what do I have. I've got protected figure. Okay, I don't have written in my notes. I want to do a couple things real quick develop this
Gwenevere Abriel: The emotional container. Did we develop one of those with you yet.
Matthew Montano: Or do you mean
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah so doesn't sound like it so
Gwenevere Abriel: When you say what that says okay hasn't done it. So let's do this. This is a metaphor. This is an imagery. This is right. Brain Stuff. This is your creative mind. Okay. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to create with you. Now you're going to be the one generating it, but I'm going to make a note of it. And then I can use it therapeutically. So what I want you to think of is, I want you to imagine
Gwenevere Abriel: A container that is big enough and strong enough to hold all your emotional stuff. And the first kind of things that come to mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: Big enough strong enough to hold all your stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because there may be times the end of a session where you're activated, you might be in distress, and I might say, oh, we don't have enough time to finish a particular intervention. Let's take that and gently. Let's put it in this container. Let's lock it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's put it aside until you and I can safely unpack it again.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's, it's a bit of a metaphor like compartmentalization know how you said, I want to be happy. Today I want to go to work and I want to be cheerful. I'm going to send out a goodbye. That would be one of those moments where we go
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's put it in the box, doesn't mean in the box. Does this airily so close your eyes. Give yourself permission, I won't be staring at you, I promise I'll look away. I'll look down. But I want you to because I'm picturing one myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Want you to picture a container that negative emotions, maybe negative memories, maybe negative bias or opinion, maybe inner judgment. The disappointment, whatever it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: That would be put in this container.
Try and get an image in your mind and let me know when you've got that.
Matthew Montano: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You got a container.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you describe what it is, how big it is, what it's made of the locking system if it exists.
Matthew Montano: It would be a really big black box that has
Matthew Montano: A huge lock on it. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you and which kind of lock. We're talking key combination fingerprint, which got
Fingerprint
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what's it made of
Matthew Montano: It's made of
Matthew Montano: solid steel.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really big
Gwenevere Abriel: Black solid steel box about how big
Matthew Montano: A big
Matthew Montano: I would say about
Matthew Montano: The size of this room.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like 20 by 2030 by 30 which got
Matthew Montano: I don't know what she got over 4020 by 2020 by 20
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, feet. Beautiful.
Gwenevere Abriel: And another metaphor. This one is a distancing metaphor, the one we just did is a container go in
Gwenevere Abriel: And sit right there right this metaphor is a distancing metaphor. So now think about, and I'll give some examples. And then you let your creative mind come up with something okay that lands true for you that you like.
Gwenevere Abriel: For some people it's I'm standing on the shore, I've got all my my team of
Gwenevere Abriel: Protection and nurturing some wisdom with me and what I see floating away on a ship.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know is that container.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it's getting smaller and smaller and smaller and smaller, and I can't even see it anymore. But I'm here on the shore feeling all these resources, but I'm watching this get further and further away.
Gwenevere Abriel: Some people to spaceship.
Gwenevere Abriel: Goes way into outer space, a balloon. Right. The floats away can't see it anymore. For some people it's on the ocean or it's a stream or it's a river or it's a train and those cars are getting further and further and further away.
Gwenevere Abriel: For you, what comes up.
Matthew Montano: A rocket ship send you that out into outer space.
Okay.
Matthew Montano: Quickly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, that's it in two hours quickly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no time for a slow ship. Hmm.
Matthew Montano: Easy.
Gwenevere Abriel: To get get get
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep Okay rocket ship nets are going to be our distancing metaphor.
Gwenevere Abriel: For that's lovely.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's start to develop your anchor room.
Gwenevere Abriel: With this sometimes can take many sessions, but it's useful even in its development. Now I want you to for a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: Close your eyes to don't have input coming in here think about
Gwenevere Abriel: Where you feel the most stuck.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where you keep trying to throw your solutions at something, but there it is again.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the dilemma, where, where are you feeling blocked.
Matthew Montano: I feel like
Matthew Montano: I have for my life I want a family.
Matthew Montano: And
Matthew Montano: I have worked. I keep working towards this. And there's always a brick wall coming up.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know how to name that brick wall. Not that is because that's a metaphor. What do you think that brick wall is
Matthew Montano: My relationships with others.
Matthew Montano: Specifically,
Matthew Montano: My partners.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's say that brick wall were there and it spray painted on it was a label. What would you spray paint on their
Gwenevere Abriel: First thing that came to mind trying not to edit yourself to
Gwenevere Abriel: Sensor.
Matthew Montano: I need help.
Gwenevere Abriel: I need help.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. I got you. So there's probably some powerful truth and truth and now you got to that one pretty quickly. Yeah.
Alright.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, there it is again another relationship right and it's it's got that same spray paint on there, I need help.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you look at that wall.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the emotion that you feel, and I know this isn't your favorite place to go.
Matthew Montano: I'm, I'm very anxious. Right now I'm starting to get very anxious
Gwenevere Abriel: That you are
Matthew Montano: Yes, we're getting
Ready.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if I need help.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a lot of vulnerability in sitting with I need help. Like, will I get it. Have I look to the right resource for it. What will happen if I don't, what if I sit with not knowing where the help is will I recognize it when it's there.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, there's a lot going on with identifying I need help.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you picked the right person. Am I it was it's another one. If it's a man. What if it's a woman. What if it was my mom. What if it's a friend, what is helpful like really recognize it if it's there. Well, I know how to use it. I mean, yeah, anxious
Matthew Montano: Yeah.
Matthew Montano: Yeah, all those thoughts going through my head. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not anxious
Gwenevere Abriel: I know the answers in there in you and we can get there. I'm not worried we have this propensity right this longing to be fully expressed we we want it. You know, we want to be whole
Gwenevere Abriel: Inflation
Gwenevere Abriel: The informations in there. It's not going to come from a piece of wisdom. Some nugget. For me, it's not going to come from me. It's going to come from you.
Matthew Montano: Yeah, see, when I get anxious my shoulders. Start tensing up and
Matthew Montano: Somebody's
Gwenevere Abriel: Shoulders are tensing right
Matthew Montano: Very they tense up very much inches.
Gwenevere Abriel: How old is that turn in. Let's go in and
Matthew Montano: It's i was a kid.
Gwenevere Abriel: How old are we talking about a five year old 10 year old. What are we talking about here.
A
Matthew Montano: 13 year old.
Matthew Montano: When I first started doing a
Matthew Montano: I'm dealing with figuring out that I was gay myself in my own head. I couldn't tell anybody.
Matthew Montano: Because it wasn't like it is today like kids come out like when they're five years old.
I
Matthew Montano: I had to hold it in or, you know, or I thought I did. At least it wouldn't have been that bad. I probably would have been easier if I came out cuz you know there's always that you know bullies and stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, go, go. Nice and slow, let's let's honor the fact that your body's sending you a message. There are times maybe when you've ignored it. But not today. So go to those shoulders and really acknowledge the wisdom that your body just sent you a message. And isn't that amazing
Gwenevere Abriel: Thing, your body part that first
Gwenevere Abriel: The body caught that there's a perceived threat going on quite of your might ask us to do something go somewhere feel something.
Gwenevere Abriel: It registered fast.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so really honor that that you a lot of information in this body of yours.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I want you to hold on to this this age of 13. This is an important one and just remind me again. I think we may have started this, but I don't have the note for us. We'll start from scratch. What
Gwenevere Abriel: What nickname this 13 year old that you'd like, I don't want it to be a versus just 13 year old have a nickname. If we're going to have sort of this child.
Matthew Montano: I'm
Matthew Montano: My friends just always called be mad, but my mom is called me MP, it's my net first two initials and then p
Gwenevere Abriel: So just now pay attention to your shoulders. Hey, MP how you feel in
Matthew Montano: Those were those were the good times with with my family so that
Matthew Montano: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do it then. So MP is a welcomed nickname. It's not like oh
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Nice. That's the nickname will use to differentiate Matt from in this adult versus MP is a 13 year old. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
I'm just going to see
Gwenevere Abriel: Empty. Now that's the only time
Gwenevere Abriel: That true. The only time. Now there's three times that I referenced history, but it's not much
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's how old we just did that one there's what's the nickname, and then later on in this exercise, we may not even get to it. Today I'll be asking you. Another question that has something to do with the past, but not much. The reason why I say it right now is
Gwenevere Abriel: This exercise seems like it's just recalling the past, but it's not going to really let your creative mind get in there and give you information.
Gwenevere Abriel: If it's not your creative mind, it might be your body
Gwenevere Abriel: Your body might be sending you a message or your stomach may turn your chest. Make it tight your larynx your fair and Ferris right just all this might something might happen. Here are the jaw. It could happen anywhere in your body. Notice the sweating hands.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any message that comes up any change. I'm interested in
Gwenevere Abriel: You know censoring
Matthew Montano: I want to know.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to know those messages. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So for now, I want you to picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: This home you're in
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you're adding a room it's any size everything you could possibly need in it. It has all the resources it has everything that MP
And need
Gwenevere Abriel: Allow the creative mind to fill that space to design it exactly how he wants it to kind of bring me into that that world. What you see what you feel what you hear all of it.
Matthew Montano: I
Matthew Montano: I do have a nice apartment. I have but MP at that time.
Matthew Montano: would have expected to be a little bit further along.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's try this again. We're gonna come out again. Number one, there's no way to do this wrong, can't do this activity long
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to invite you right now to notice that you did, possibly a comparison you you're doing my job. You don't need to
Matthew Montano: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know, I know you've been doing the work being an analyst and psychologist and helper for people. I'm here to help you. I'll do, I'll do the guiding for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You get to catch that first image, you get to tell me. Ah, it's this color. It's the size
Gwenevere Abriel: This is what's in it. This is what I smell. This is what I hear, Oh, I just caught something else this and then this and then this and then this you doing that analysis.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have to do it. Not today, because you don't actually know what we're doing. So you don't have to get ahead of it because you don't really know
Matthew Montano: Yeah, okay. So I would have said no.
Matthew Montano: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's do this. Close your eyes. If you're willing
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to summon up that awareness that you still have this sense of I need help. When it comes to these intimate relationships.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that shoulders register. Oh, that's the truth, boy.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's something there, and he oldest recollection is on age 13
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to add a room on to this apartment and it gets to be exactly what you want.
Gwenevere Abriel: Try and allow your imagination to come up with the size with the shape with every little detail in this room and just pre associated tell me what what you see what you, what you notice in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Thank you, your time.
Matthew Montano: I thought of something right away. I thought maybe a room with a baby at it, maybe, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Go back to the
Matthew Montano: Default
Gwenevere Abriel: And I wrote it down, close it stay there with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice now there's a baby in
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice where the babies at where you are.
Your eyes closed. If you can't
Yeah.
Matthew Montano: The baby is peaceful wherever you said in my arms are in his crib my
Matthew Montano: Maybe my partner's somewhere in the house and everything's peaceful in that in our home.
Gwenevere Abriel: Look, let's get into some details. You're doing great, hold on to it. Close your eyes and not let your imagination. Fill the walls, the ceiling and the floor and give me some details about what you see
Matthew Montano: I see.
Matthew Montano: Nice, nice stuff in my house.
Matthew Montano: You know I'm
Matthew Montano: Well, the baby's room might have nice you is, you know, nice crib decorated if it's a boy or girl painted Pink or blue I'm
Matthew Montano: In that house. I have, we have our nice bedroom down the hall, me and my partner.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's come back to me for a second. Not yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go back to this room. I want you to touch touch the shoulders, these ones that we're communicating with you just sort of like maybe do that stretching thing you're doing you know how you were kind of working it out.
Gwenevere Abriel: There is fairness that that tension, because I'm a messenger since age 13 which should it go back
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to go back to this this awareness of MP
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to
Gwenevere Abriel: Get a sense of maybe his needing help with something.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And I want you to develop a room for what MP needed
Gwenevere Abriel: Once you don't allow that room to be added on to the song that you're in. Now I want you to picture a room.
Gwenevere Abriel: What color is it
Matthew Montano: What
Matthew Montano: A soft color, just something peaceful. Yep.
Exactly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Perfect peaceful color.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you notice that this room is got windows have window treatments. Yeah, see, so it was hard to go there before we went to adult, you're going to have the courage to go into this this room. It's gonna it's gonna be perfect.
Gwenevere Abriel: Gonna have absolutely everything
Gwenevere Abriel: That MP needed
Gwenevere Abriel: We're going to get there.
Gwenevere Abriel: What color. See if
Gwenevere Abriel: You can commit to a color.
Gwenevere Abriel: Separate colors.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe
Matthew Montano: Maybe a purple.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it could change later. That's fine for now it's purple. Is it a pastel like a soft purple or
Matthew Montano: Actually I was I was said, purple, but I was thinking like a like a sky blue
Gwenevere Abriel: feel a sense of peaceful with that color.
Matthew Montano: Yeah. In that situation, we're talking about, hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: Look around the room and see if there are any windows in there.
Matthew Montano: There would be lots of with big windows.
Gwenevere Abriel: windows open is there blinds or curtains. What do you see
Matthew Montano: Outside the windows, a nice bright warm summer day pretty clouds in the sky. The windows are open. There's a light cool breeze blowing did
Gwenevere Abriel: feel there is out here. We're coming into that window just allow your
Gwenevere Abriel: Allow your skin to feel up that cool air just came in. I feel it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe it increases or decreases, but you can feel the distinction that windows open and I can feel the cool air it's moving so you can feel it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And notice the temperature is it just right. Is it a little too cold alone too warm. Was it just right.
Matthew Montano: Just right
Gwenevere Abriel: Turn your attention now to once you're here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Catch that uncensored first thing and key. Here's what
Matthew Montano: First thing that came to my mind is like any issue. I was facing that day, just being able to
Matthew Montano: Be in there talking to my mom about it and her comfort.
Gwenevere Abriel: Feeling okay so in order to feel her comfort. What do you think you need in that room just for this imagery. What do you need
Matthew Montano: Just her sitting on a nice couch next to me just
Gwenevere Abriel: Absolutely.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it seems so
Gwenevere Abriel: I know ani. So, that's okay. We're getting it. We're getting just what you need.
Gwenevere Abriel: We need that comfort.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nothing like
Gwenevere Abriel: There's nothing like it now.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's unconditional and it's safe. And that's what
Gwenevere Abriel: You can get a tissue.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you want
Gwenevere Abriel: Important didn't show up.
Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Lots to do with this room, but you just found something pretty important that MP needed
Gwenevere Abriel: didn't have it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to have that
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to have that with you always.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because, look how intense that is
Gwenevere Abriel: What thoughts are accompanying the tears. What do you think
Matthew Montano: Was a good month
Matthew Montano: We're just, you know,
Matthew Montano: I felt like the times I needed her. She didn't understand me.
Matthew Montano: And we could communicate
Matthew Montano: And and my dad was there for me when I needed it. But it was, you know, I really want my mom to be there.
Matthew Montano: Was a lot of them.
Matthew Montano: And and then after she got her mum and dad divorced
Matthew Montano: You know, the family pretty much my brother only have a brother and
Matthew Montano: And his wife and
Matthew Montano: hurt their kids, they just kind of abandoned her I was still there for her even though you know I felt like my brothers older than me. So he got the better years. It seemed like him. My brother and her head. You know more of a understand me, maybe because I was more emotional than my brother.
Matthew Montano: Just keep going. Yeah. And my, my mom.
Matthew Montano: There is a bit when she would take shoes. We they were doing foster care, they were taking care of foster kids and
Matthew Montano: There was, we would take him some foster kids. There's a girl that was having a lot of issues and my mom, I would watch her be there for her like I want her to be there for me.
Matthew Montano: And I think it's because she's so I was a guy. So she didn't understand or connect that I was a very like I had, I guess.
Matthew Montano: I was very emotional. She understands that. Now, when she does it. You know, there's just all that
Matthew Montano: We can't, you know, can't go back and fix that. But you know, I, you know, she was there for
Matthew Montano: There's a few foster kids that were girls that she was there for because there were kind of she caught when cutting himself, and she was. I remember her embracing her and
Matthew Montano: I remember that girl was having a problem at school. One of the other girls were picking on her and she went over there and she was gonna
Matthew Montano: She went up to those girls and was like, you know, you know, F with my, you know, my daughter, she called her my daughter and I wanted that but but the issue. I was dealing with was with I was gay. You know, so it was a lot of
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's we're right here at the top of the hour. Let's feel better. Matt, I want you to bring into your imagination.
Gwenevere Abriel: The nurturing figure that we developed before, bring it into your imagination right now bring in
Matthew Montano: Know what the what which figure
Matthew Montano: Nurturing nurturing
Gwenevere Abriel: Had you want to add mom during those years, you're welcome to right where you see her capability of giving exactly what you needed. She hasn't given to someone else, but it is a resource.
Gwenevere Abriel: It is available to you. So let's work hard. We're going to put this negative stuff, we'll put some of that maybe in the container. Maybe we'll send it
Gwenevere Abriel: In a rocket ship. I don't know yet. But first, let's get very immersed in the quality surrounding you right maybe on that couch maybe picture your mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Working what you need. Maybe she's holding you maybe she's rocking you, what do you see that would feel just perfect nurturing
Matthew Montano: Meet me just telling her how my day went well wrong her hugs me
Matthew Montano: And maybe me crowding, you know, letting it out and and her, you know, same we're going to fix this. We're going to go fix this. I'm going to do whatever I have to, to help you fix this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, we will fix this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Real there's you know that you've got some some training conditioning early on about crying. But that doesn't belong in therapy therapy. We cry and we get mad.
Matthew Montano: I never cry so it's
Matthew Montano: I never pray
Gwenevere Abriel: So so so today will not get too much into judgment. Take your right hand and put it under your under your armpit here taking right
Gwenevere Abriel: Take your left hand and bring it across your body
Gwenevere Abriel: Around your shoulder.
Gwenevere Abriel: Deeply into it and then wants you to picture the sensation of your mom holding you just feel it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But whatever judgments pass by, or even rocket ship away as quick as they come. They disappear into the atmosphere and beyond. And instead, feel the touch that arm.
Gwenevere Abriel: And breathe into it. Just be present with touch.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just being contained that you get to let it all out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Whatever happened that day hard day.
Gwenevere Abriel: reassurance that we will fix it.
Gwenevere Abriel: The press and hold on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just keep breathing into it.
Gwenevere Abriel: picturing it empty is perhaps on the couch and you've shared your day.
Gwenevere Abriel: And she
Matthew Montano: Took a pillow.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and she knows just what to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: You folks you
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, everything's gonna be okay. We will fix this.
Gwenevere Abriel: She knows what to do. You don't have to take care of her.
Gwenevere Abriel: She's taking care of you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You just get to do you
Gwenevere Abriel: There's, there's no wrong way to do you
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's completely contained her arms and it's safe.
Gwenevere Abriel: The day. Good day, bad day an off day a medium boring loss, a blessing. But, there she is all the same.
Gwenevere Abriel: With it. Let that imagery be so really see it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, where's the perfume and bring that awareness to mind be be present with the scent.
She holds you
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe it's quiet.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just
Gwenevere Abriel: No snow judgment.
Gwenevere Abriel: How true is it I am okay
Matthew Montano: How true is it
Matthew Montano: Right now.
Matthew Montano: I feel so bad you feel better when I do cry never cry so
Gwenevere Abriel: Be I'm okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you give yourself permission to be okay or not okay who you are, what you're feeling right now.
Matthew Montano: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's look
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me find out one to seven seven is it's absolutely true. I'm okay, or a different number one is I'm not okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Seven is I am totally okay.
Matthew Montano: So I'm gonna I'm gonna be okay I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Gonna be okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm on my way.
Matthew Montano: Above away. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: My much like we will fix it, there's a movement towards the solution. And there's confidence in the solution.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it was. We start to bring today to a close. What would you like to either put in the container or send a little bit further away if you want to. Otherwise you welcome obviously to sit with with tears.
Gwenevere Abriel: If that's what would feel good to be close to those intense emotions don't want to come across like I want them to go away. I don't want to send the wrong message. Okay. And if you really I don't care if you cry, the full time.
Gwenevere Abriel: For me, but for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would you like to do what we feel like you can enjoy this day of yours, what we feel nurturing protective and why
Matthew Montano: Well, you said, what would I send away and then or what would feel nurturing
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's do my image. Let's say we're at
Gwenevere Abriel: NASA right and we're going to watch the ship when you get to keep is nurturing
Gwenevere Abriel: With you. Someone hugging you you have wisdom.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you have protection, you have a dog. Dad, you have God, you have your gym, buddy. You're on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Dude your teams right here.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Give yourself permission to picture it. What would the dog be doing will be dead be done.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't, don't let judgment bias any that you get exactly what you want. Over here, and this is this is the landing and the spaceships about to take off. What's heading out into outer space. What's sending what's going away.
Matthew Montano: My, my ex relationships quite away.
Gwenevere Abriel: Beautiful. Let's watch it together. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your job.
Gwenevere Abriel: You got to do it. It's much more pleasant thoughts. So get into it with me. Come on.
Gwenevere Abriel: I gotta chill out here next to me. So I'm stuck with that image.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here and you picture your dog.
Gwenevere Abriel: You've got all the nurturing what what is this belief that you will be everything you want to be. You will grow into this man that
Gwenevere Abriel: All of this potential it's right next to this person offers nurture and support around your growth and your development.
architected and safe and off goes
Very fast.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think has a field to be lived here on earth as those go away fast.
Matthew Montano: Sounds good.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's neat. And that
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's today. That's what you get to do today, spend time. You could visit those negative networks, what if, what if, what if, what if, or you could spend time with your team be present with something important happening when your shoulders register with tension hands are sweating.
Gwenevere Abriel: Something's happening. Maybe it's unconscious but pay attention to the messages so your body surround yourself with your team.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do I need to do with all y'all around me. What do I really want to do. Maybe you want to work out. Maybe you want to eat something healthy you want to call a friend, maybe I want to sleep.
Gwenevere Abriel: Make your decision there with all around you, the likelihood that you will go do something that hurts your body that betrays your moral compass is decreased so much. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So bring them around when you're about to make a decision about what you do today and see if you like, who you are, for the day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like a decision to make. See if you like the choices you make with all of that resource around you. The dog right the quality of your dad and the protection and your trends.
Gwenevere Abriel: And make it President usually use your imagery
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to meet again.
Matthew Montano: This as soon as possible.
Matthew Montano: As soon as you have
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to be on call again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because i right now I'm struggling. I mean, I might be able to do Thursday, possibly at two, but you're going into work right then that's not gonna work.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you know what I think I got one.
Gwenevere Abriel: I got it Friday at 10am
Matthew Montano: That'll work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Someone canceled, right there, so we're good. Okay.
Matthew Montano: Cuz I go into work at
Matthew Montano: Three. So that'll work.
Gwenevere Abriel: I will see you then. And
Gwenevere Abriel: Picture those guys around you. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: On on Friday. Right. Yeah.
Matthew Montano: See you then. Alright, see that
Gwenevere Abriel: Came here to check
Hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you're, you're my last schedule client. I'm sorry. I ended once somebody throws me off and everybody kind of gets the shuffle.
Nicole Bacon: It's okay. And I tried to check in and they're taking a while so I thought I would check in after
Gwenevere Abriel: That sounds like a plan. I like it thinking
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: You get a note open for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Cool. But you can tell me kind of how sleep has been how eating has been. How you doing, kind of on those fundamental physiological things
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, a lot, a lot more sleep than usual. I've been eating.
Nicole Bacon: My fridge is packed so I've been eating a lot too. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: To the point of eating emotionally or eating to fuel the body.
Nicole Bacon: Eating to feel like
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me about the sleeping. Is this I'm depressed. I don't want to get out of bed sleep on defeated, or is it a I'm just fatigue and by golly, I just need to sleep.
Nicole Bacon: I think it's a fatigue.
Nicole Bacon: What
Gwenevere Abriel: That's from is this from you know you're you're bringing in this heavy duty medicine at the Suboxone I'm staying up late. Like what's the fatigue. Where's it coming from
Nicole Bacon: Um,
Nicole Bacon: Well, every time I drive to Santa Fe and come back. It takes a couple days for me to like, I know it's fatigue, I guess, travel for me right now is fatigue, for me, so
Nicole Bacon: It's kind of building
Nicole Bacon: That backup. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You do you think it has something to do with going to Santa Fe.
Nicole Bacon: Probably, yeah.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where are you at in recovery sort of phase of this are you on third day you and the first day when when you come in. How long you been back from from there from Santa.
Nicole Bacon: And when do they come back because third day think third day
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is the first time, at least in the recent history that I've seen this decline and energy. What I've been witnessing over the last few sessions has been a steady
Gwenevere Abriel: Vitality I've been watching this increased confidence. I've been watching that and today is the first time I'm seeing it go down a little. Am I picking up on the right thing.
Nicole Bacon: Mm hmm. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we're calling that fatigue.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, what about during the day. What about how you're feeling when you're awake.
Nicole Bacon: Oh, fine, fine when I'm awake. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: You were good before
Nicole Bacon: I just don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Know it's fine and some
Gwenevere Abriel: How many hours a day, are you, how many actually are you sleeping.
Nicole Bacon: Probably like
Nicole Bacon: I don't know, like 12
Nicole Bacon: See, what did we do last time I guess what's new is I got my prescription for Quinn as a pan and I'm trying to make sure that like China.
Nicole Bacon: Not easy too much because it's at the smallest small stuffs.
Gwenevere Abriel: Prescribed it
Nicole Bacon: I can grab it. Okay, well,
Gwenevere Abriel: This is, this is like high trust.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, well, I'll take the doctor's name to
Nicole Bacon: Christina Carlson
Gwenevere Abriel: And what's the dosage there.
Nicole Bacon: Point five milligrams
How often
Nicole Bacon: Take one
Nicole Bacon: twice daily, and that's a little bit too much for me. I realized
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Nicole Bacon: So that's what's been going on with this leaked and stuff too.
Nicole Bacon: And as for me, it's like a half daily
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so, so after
Gwenevere Abriel: What time of day are you taking we'll call it maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: Of course of a milligram what time of day.
Nicole Bacon: At night.
Nicole Bacon: But when I was following the directions that I mean I was out
Gwenevere Abriel: Powerful, it's a very powerful one. That particular substance. I'm, I'm sure that Dr. Carlson Christina cross with you. This is one of the ones that if you do become chemically dependent on it.
Nicole Bacon: Oh, I know you can have seizures. I have friends have been dependent on it and I don't want to be dependent on it. I just want to use it when I need it when I'm feeling
Nicole Bacon: Something, sir, like, well,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's get into anxious and let's get into that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you are what you did is it sounds like you now have learned your body, you now know that's too much. It has quite a powerful effect. So you respond to it. Well, that's exciting. You won't need a lot and
Gwenevere Abriel: What happens. You get to sleep.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's get into maybe finding out where you doing it as directed, or as needed, over the last, how many days and the differences
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't notice I was feeling anxious or Blab and I took it anyway because I wanted to do what the doctor said so, which was it went, what do you think was going on when you were taking it.
Nicole Bacon: I'm anxious
Nicole Bacon: Or honestly I was using it. When I was feeling like I wanted to go use. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so something's happening at night.
Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's get into it. Let me hear about it. Let me hear what was the stinking thinking going on in there.
Nicole Bacon: Um me at night.
Nicole Bacon: That's when I kind of feel like I haven't done much during the day. I want to go do something
Gwenevere Abriel: You're bored.
Nicole Bacon: I guess bored or anxious. Like, that's kind of when I would go get stuff.
Nicole Bacon: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: How are you feeling right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh. Okay, so are you. Where's boredom.
Nicole Bacon: Right now I don't know cuz I just kind of woke up.
All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: The opposite of boredom is what
Nicole Bacon: Excitement
Nicole Bacon: getting stuff done.
getting stuff done.
Gwenevere Abriel: At night.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going backwards. You going backwards and say, did I get stuff done. And I'm not excited. Is that what's happening.
Nicole Bacon: I think so, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so you can get excitement through substance.
Nicole Bacon: So I and I haven't had this refilled for like a month or two.
Nicole Bacon: This prescription
Nicole Bacon: But it doesn't help me go to sleep. Real, real easy.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the pluses. It's an amazing medicine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Dirt cheap these days. That's a nice thing downside get chemical dependence and you're trading one for the other. That both depressant also dangerous to be using at the same time. So,
Gwenevere Abriel: I love that you're using it in moderation. I'm assuming. Dr. Carlson knows that you're on Suboxone
Nicole Bacon: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's talk more about
Gwenevere Abriel: A specific day. Let's take
Gwenevere Abriel: This one we noticed. Oh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I like how the end of the day when
Gwenevere Abriel: And I felt maybe board or maybe there was more to it than boredom, but we'll find out. Can you pick a day will analyze that one.
Nicole Bacon: Um, see.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, I guess yesterday.
Nicole Bacon: I was feeling a little
Nicole Bacon: Like fatigued from the, from the subs.
Nicole Bacon: And was trying to get motivation and go do something and clean and I just kept getting back into bed.
Okay.
Nicole Bacon: Then I was thinking, Oh, I'll take that and I'll feel better tomorrow.
Gwenevere Abriel: The we call it Xanax because it's basically the same thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: And is this. That's what she thought you take, and then you thought to be a better, more energetic day
Nicole Bacon: Better tomorrow. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a true you feel better today.
Nicole Bacon: I do feel better. It just, it's a little groggy waking them.
Nicole Bacon: Not like Benadryl groggy, like that's extra like will all through the day, but like initially waking up.
Nicole Bacon: It's a little bit harder. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: How many minutes. Have you been up already.
Nicole Bacon: 30 minutes
Nicole Bacon: Okay. I mean, I was wriggling around for a little bit and my cat was like, man. Yeah, my
Gwenevere Abriel: Not for long. Okay.
So, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think it might be wise to come up with
Gwenevere Abriel: What to do at night.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's assess who you have right now. There's been times where we've had, I think it was
Gwenevere Abriel: Me see Barbie, Barbie, Barbie, Barbie okay so Barbie was up in your life. Let me just do a little check in and see if she in your life and he was
Nicole Bacon: Talking and we have all
Nicole Bacon: At all. We had a big miscommunication and her family bought me a flight before I could check into even see and
Nicole Bacon: She left it off like oh I need some time and then I wrote her a couple emails and then nothing
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I want to point something out.
Gwenevere Abriel: See what you think of, do you know that when I had invited you to come up with a think it was a nurturing figure, Jr. You thought or her
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think of that now.
Nicole Bacon: It's the same type of figure that I realize it's like the same type of figure that Allah was that Barbie is like the same type of person that kind of gets a fire lit under my butt. But in the long run, it's, it's all
Nicole Bacon: It all for them it's doing stuff for them. So it took a minute to realize that
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, but that's okay. That's yours. For now, you know it, you'll recognize an L a Barbie that you can recognize that creative juices are flowing, but maybe exploitation is happening.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So yeah okay so let's revisit nurturing figure it's too important. We just can't risk getting it wrong. It's just too critical let's revisit it again.
Gwenevere Abriel: So scan.
Gwenevere Abriel: real or imagined.
Gwenevere Abriel: In your life.
Gwenevere Abriel: There was no mixed message there was no rug pulled out from under you.
Gwenevere Abriel: This person wants me to grow and develop into everything that is possible.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want my happiness.
Gwenevere Abriel: catch a glimpse WHO IS IT what is IT
Nicole Bacon: Cheyenne
Gwenevere Abriel: He's she's your wise figure. So she also shares
Gwenevere Abriel: And attributes attribute of nurturing to
Nicole Bacon: I don't know about nurturing
Nicole Bacon: Guys.
Nicole Bacon: I can't really think I mean, my mom and away, but she scares me sometimes.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're not going to
Gwenevere Abriel: Have the can have a mixture. That's why we're working hard at this don't don't have to push it. So you notice how you're rolling it out. And that's not Shannon, it's not mom. There's, there's, it's not consistent
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's go more metaphor. Let's go more animal. Let's go more to sort of that spiritual
Gwenevere Abriel: shaman Rell let's go to movies you've seen, let's go to novels. Let's go to archetype. Let's go expand that resource.
Nicole Bacon: Hmm, um,
Nicole Bacon: I don't know, like my own like
Nicole Bacon: Wise.
Nicole Bacon: higher being, I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's keep looking. Let's try something in school to remember seeing someone who
Gwenevere Abriel: Like, got you.
Nicole Bacon: Miss Kofi
Gwenevere Abriel: Did she wants you to grow and develop in your own unique way.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not because she benefited from it, but because she just has that like oh my students, look. Look how unique she is. She's going to turn into exactly what she's supposed to. She's going to evolve into her own unique self.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah. Shoot, I mean, she was always my favorite teacher
Gwenevere Abriel: What spell her name for me.
Nicole Bacon: Miss Kofi G ot a
Nicole Bacon: G. O. T. H. I. He
Gwenevere Abriel: Goes he got it.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now check in with your body and see if this. This is really working for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I believe that Miss goes he wanted the best for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if you have that quality, maybe you can pull in this recollection of her voice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, that that sense of nurturing your development and growth.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any resistance anything get activated in your body that's saying no, that's not quite right.
Nicole Bacon: No way.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does far out. We got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that could change to that's fine. There's no wrong way to do it. Just want to make sure that it's useful.
Nicole Bacon: But is it better than it's like a physical person in my life or
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it better. Um, that's a really loaded question.
Gwenevere Abriel: Would also be better than none of my clients ever had any trauma that they were never hurt disappointed let down abandoned abused molested, I mean, yeah, I would be better.
Nicole Bacon: Right.
It happens.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know there's
Nicole Bacon: A lot of people don't like have those
Gwenevere Abriel: Know a lot of people don't
Nicole Bacon: Realize in their life. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right. You are, you are normal. You are normal. The fact that you had to work hard to find that image.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: My population you. This is my piece right here, the ones that mean you don't need the therapy if you've already got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, right.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then immediately go to MOM, DAD. GRANDMA you meet people Elma sister right we immediately they
Gwenevere Abriel: Like this. I know the now not not not my peeps.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: That's why I say real or imagined giving you just this vast array of permission.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because people betray us they've heard us. They are selfish. They wouldn't, you know, we can forgive and all that, but it's real. They do, they do exploit us they
Gwenevere Abriel: They do, and how do I live in this world. Nonetheless, and love anyway risk. Anyway, how do I get from here to there. How do we navigate this. That's the work
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: To get the answer.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, definitely.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, Miss go see. And then for protective figure check in with your body. Make sure this still rings true to check and make sure there wasn't any people pleasing going on when we first developed it, okay, you have a spirit guide woman with long silver hair for protective
Gwenevere Abriel: Can add more to it. You can add more figures. It doesn't have to stand alone.
Nicole Bacon: Sure, I mean sometimes I think of Joel my partner that diet as like
Nicole Bacon: He wouldn't want me to be doing stupid shit.
Nicole Bacon: Tell me how to write good protector type
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: So I want to check in on that one, too, to see if it's got any ambivalence to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's just try this on as the scenario of Joe We're here with me and I was talking to him, would he and I see eye to eye about mental health spiritual health, physical health. Would you say he and I would see eye to eye or we might have a nice sparring match about what's healthy
Nicole Bacon: I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like a real stretch
Nicole Bacon: Well, that's like, I mean, when he was alive, maybe. Yeah, you guys would spar, but to me and how I imagined him.
Nicole Bacon: I would imagine him that he'd walk to the best for me and that he sorry that he showed me the drugs and he wouldn't want me stuck and he'd want me to be the best that I could be because there was points, other than the drug use, where he was teaching me a lot of
Nicole Bacon: I was growing exponentially with him other than the drug use and all aspects. So spiritually about the world like he was like a guide guide, he was he was my guide who is my spiritual guide while he was alive.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so hold that truth check in with your body. I know it's scary and risky sometimes, right, because maybe I'll say something right but don't worry about it. I'm more interested in your opinion, not, not mine, mine is not not as relevant and important as your yours is the important one.
Gwenevere Abriel: So get close to that quality.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of Joel right
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you feel safe with that quality.
Nicole Bacon: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's okay, we have this other stuff taught me exponentially. He was the guy. It's okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now let me ask you something. Let's, let's use a point of departure. Let's use
Gwenevere Abriel: Those just start with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to look at me and I want you to maybe say um I'll trust some things about to
Gwenevere Abriel: See if any of. That's true. I'm trust some sounds fishy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I'm making you say it. So you can say whatever you want, right, because it's not it's forced it's
Nicole Bacon: Controlling something fishy about you.
Gwenevere Abriel: About you suspect. I don't feel completely safe with you.
Nicole Bacon: Know I feel completely safe, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, you do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. Hold that. So, something about me something about going in here right or Glenn. I don't know how you think of me, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Recognize it is it
Gwenevere Abriel: Got a name like
Gwenevere Abriel: Described me
Gwenevere Abriel: About being around her that I feel pretty safe.
Nicole Bacon: You listen, your
Nicole Bacon: You as you're engaging and
Nicole Bacon: Thinking
Nicole Bacon: About things asking me questions about things I would normally
Nicole Bacon: Think about to help myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Asking questions that help you
Nicole Bacon: Yeah.
Nicole Bacon: That I wouldn't normally
Nicole Bacon: Think about or get into therapy in
Nicole Bacon: I've been in therapy for like a long time in like physical therapy and
Nicole Bacon: The stuff I've learned from you and it's been
Nicole Bacon: Way more than
Nicole Bacon: Those years of therapy. I don't know. It's just like like
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, like a guide person.
Gwenevere Abriel: So watch what happens. Try and make contact and I know it seems really funky. But there's a lot that happens when we're looking at each other and we're stuck with this Tele health stuff. So just see what happens to you if you say
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know. I'm making you do it so you can always kick it right out the door, but I want you to pay attention to how you feel. This is where the
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not digging for a compliment. But I'm going to, I want you to say thank you. When I'm here for
Gwenevere Abriel: What are those things. See what happens. But say it to me but but hold on to yourself and don't look away if you can
Nicole Bacon: OK. OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the work is, see what happens, how you feel when you say thank you. When a beer for. See if you can name it.
Nicole Bacon: Thank you, Gwen affair for
Nicole Bacon: believing in me and giving me
Nicole Bacon: Some, some extra chances
Nicole Bacon: And seeing that I do want to change and grows, seeing that part in
Gwenevere Abriel: How you feel. Having said that,
Nicole Bacon: I'm not going to cry.
Gwenevere Abriel: And is it real. Do you actually I know I made you do it. Um, but that's gratitude.
Gwenevere Abriel: Up but to be grateful to someone is to risk that someone might pull it away from us. It's a scary vulnerable place to trust someone to believe that this resource might be available that this is real, can I trust this
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so then sad because what if it's gone. Or, you know, because in the past the Barbie. The Elena, there's been an exploitation, then a switch. Will it happen again, you know, is this promise. I'm making is it real. The she really want me to to she really see it's scary.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's, there's this poem
Gwenevere Abriel: And one line. It goes something like this. I'm going to, I'm horrible poetry. So I'll probably annihilated, but I'll do my best. Okay, there's one line has to do with it's easier to betray your benefactor than a weight new benefaction
Gwenevere Abriel: It's so heart wrenching to to need to write to get right to really lean on someone when some of the heartache and wounding is around trust and
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's easier. You just
Gwenevere Abriel: Not lean not need
Nicole Bacon: My yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're right, you're right about that beautiful question you asked earlier. Isn't it better to actually have a real person and
Gwenevere Abriel: Obviously it
Would be convenient.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you recognize something here and I happen to know my intentions are good. I do you know so I can trust them. Like, I trust myself. I happen to be someone that I actually really do care about people.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I think you picked a good person to to have a little bit of vulnerability with I think you registering something,
Gwenevere Abriel: I know her very well be.
Gwenevere Abriel: But let's look elsewhere. Let's scan again.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's scan. Again, the whole history. And let's look again for features of this
Gwenevere Abriel: Someone believed in you someone that believed in you right someone that gave you extra chances
And
Gwenevere Abriel: In their present you read in their presence you recognized your own desire to want to change. Those are the people
Gwenevere Abriel: That you want to draw in
Gwenevere Abriel: When you notice in yourself. I want to change.
Gwenevere Abriel: Their accepting I've got this forgiveness. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And they believe in you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know how they can exploit you with how they they see you not what they can get from you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is the tricky. Good.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, kiwi and James has been
Nicole Bacon: People like that. Definitely.
Go over here to your
Gwenevere Abriel: Your figures over here on your list. I'm going to go to
Nicole Bacon: And scarlet. I mean, scarlet from the sun.
Gwenevere Abriel: Scarlett and Kaylee, and James
Nicole Bacon: Kelly and James Yeah, like, yeah, they all believe in me, they all give me lots of chances and they, I think they already know what's going on, but they haven't pressured me to be like tell me exactly what's going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, meaning the addiction.
That's, yeah. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if, if, do they land more with the quality, much like Miss go see
Gwenevere Abriel: As in nurturing. They want the best for you. They want you to grow develop
Nicole Bacon: Scarlet. Definitely. Yeah. Cuz I mean that coincides with making money and building playing tell she's the owner this on so
Gwenevere Abriel: What about protective because we're trying to cultivate this other one we saw it in here with me and what we registered with some of these features does Scarlett Keely, or James, do they kind of have this embodiment of a quality.
Of protector.
Nicole Bacon: Scarlet. Yeah, a little bit. Definitely.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there ambivalence about that. Are there times when she's a scary threatening.
Nicole Bacon: Know, she'd know always she wants is the best for me and
Nicole Bacon: Sometimes she doesn't know that I'm fatigued, or whatever. And she's like, let's
Nicole Bacon: You know,
Nicole Bacon: Let's work on building clients for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: So little sometimes there's a misalignment so check and see what let me hear out loud, what quality about her symbolizes pro Texan.
Nicole Bacon: I think I have all these just like food.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wrong. There's no
Gwenevere Abriel: Wrong, you know,
Nicole Bacon: Protection protection, protection. Those are my parents protection protective though who because I get protective over my friends who gets protective over me.
Nicole Bacon: I don't know. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's why we're having trouble with this one.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Nicole Bacon: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: But we saw it in here with me. And so what we did was we recognized it in here with me. And we started again to scan.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you hurried and it's no we don't want to rush it. We don't want to grab the parents and you know we need this to be legit because this is the inner weaving. We're going to be inner weaving this into some of these negative cognition.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's no no we gotta get this. So it's the truth. It's your truth.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if it means that we use an imaginary figure than we got to do it.
Nicole Bacon: Well, is there like, Okay, well, my friend, Derek from back in Portland. He checks in on me every couple months about my addiction. I don't know. Is that protective
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, what comes up and you picture, Derek. If I were to say, Okay, we're going to have Derek, we're going to have Miss Cosi scarlet Keeley James and Shannon all together interacting as this team resource team. And by the way, you're more than welcome to have me there too.
Nicole Bacon: Until. Yeah. You too.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: If you want, you can have me as the protective figure
Nicole Bacon: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: There we go. So there's not a real person.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm definitely
Gwenevere Abriel: And I hope. And it's true. Um, that's a phrase I use a lot. I'll tell the doctor. So I'll say I see my role is very much not only protecting each individual in in a group setting.
Gwenevere Abriel: But sort of the whole group. And as you talk to, because people will come at you and I need to protect you. And so I really resonate with that role so that that fits really well with me. And so you can have that anytime
Gwenevere Abriel: And you can. Yeah, please. Maybe there's something you've seen me do especially around
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, I couldn't write fast enough, but my belief in you feels like protection. I believe in you. I give you chances and you get to have this experience of a desire to want to change in the presence of someone protecting you. I wanted
Nicole Bacon: When someone's protecting me
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to grow. I feel safe when someone's protecting me
Nicole Bacon: Definitely
Gwenevere Abriel: There we got it so therapist also common just to throw in the your normal
Gwenevere Abriel: Case, just in case you wanted to defend, there's this weird. It's not your
Therapist.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. We got Shannon for wise, we've got Miss Kofi scarlet Kelly and James and if these change shape that's all fine, too. OK. And then for now we have
We have
Gwenevere Abriel: Therapist, or do you want name do you want when one of your we want in there.
Nicole Bacon: When got it therapist Quinn. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let me see when we got are doing good. Let's see. Let's do a little bit more. I want to check in on something I want to check. First, let me see how you're feeling. Now, we had a little bit of a moment earlier. Let me, let me see how you're doing at this point.
Right feeling
Nicole Bacon: A little sweaty and saying this questions. I'm like, I don't know.
Nicole Bacon: Because a lot of my I feel like a lot of
Nicole Bacon: My people that have had those roles for me, have been
Nicole Bacon: Switching around and changing throughout my life and especially like now so
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, there'll be people that are really in my life. And then they'll just poof disappear. That happens to me a lot. I'll get real close to someone and then they poof disappear and
Nicole Bacon: So that's a lot of my leg trust and getting close to people issues.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, the psychology behind this. I'm a pretty transparent person. There's no big mystery of what I'm doing the psychology behind it is
Gwenevere Abriel: The fact that you can recognize these features and qualities and others means they're true in you and they don't actually disappear. There's no fluff.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So they're there. And so the ultimate goal is not dependence. Of course, of course. I don't want a client to be dependent I want right interdependence this nice flow of give and take, and
Gwenevere Abriel: The ultimate goal is you're going to recognize these things in yourself and they don't disappear and you get to be there for yourself again and again and again and you get to use this imagery and over time. It's just, it's all you.
Nicole Bacon: You see me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Fine, we can use for some people it's it's some archetypes, or it's animals or it's some you know one person had Iron Man.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just make sense.
So,
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: But notice that what came up was, well, that's all fine. Yeah. Yeah. But it may disappear, and can I can I trust it will be there for me because there's this transient nature of history for you. It's just puts it disappears.
Gwenevere Abriel: But again, the goal is, it was you all along. You were there all along, and it's just this sort of forgetting somehow. And it can be really old can be like since tiny tot or even in your general week right it's me versus this outside world and how do I be okay with being me and
Gwenevere Abriel: People just
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of either never learned it, or maybe forgot. And so it's just going to be this remembering and integrating the resources that are really are there for you. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's a neat way to do it through metaphor and imagery
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now that we had that discussion kind of check in with your body and see what charge is still left. Let's do a scan just sort of maybe work it through. Feeling. Feeling are paying attention to your cap.
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice how it crosses in some places, maybe it's warmer in some places and fill your hair kind of notice the hair even temperature changes at the top of your forehead notice your eyes, nose, your cheeks inside your mouth just notice your neck throat and those shoulders.
Nicole Bacon: My shoulders.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's going on with those soldiers right
Gwenevere Abriel: Here.
Yeah.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's okay. Their messengers.
Gwenevere Abriel: And all you need to do is just pay attention. There's no judgment. There's just what is
Gwenevere Abriel: Just pay attention to your natural breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pay attention to the texture that you notice on your arms and and how it might change as you pay attention to your hands.
Gwenevere Abriel: They're more air touching it making contact is there more or less farms.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pay attention to your legs and knees.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your calves and
Gwenevere Abriel: ankles and feet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just be very present with
Gwenevere Abriel: That resource team.
Gwenevere Abriel: You worked hard.
Gwenevere Abriel: To be aware of.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let them surround you with them interact
Gwenevere Abriel: Let them be available to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got your therapist, they're going to protect you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You've got Shannon
Gwenevere Abriel: Keely,
Gwenevere Abriel: James
Gwenevere Abriel: This coffee.
Gwenevere Abriel: Give yourself permission to have us interacting all for your benefit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Integrating interacting
Gwenevere Abriel: PROTECTING YOU nurturing you
Gwenevere Abriel: And offering wisdom.
Gwenevere Abriel: How might I interact with disco see or scarlet
Gwenevere Abriel: Or Shannon
Gwenevere Abriel: Or James
Gwenevere Abriel: Or Keely allow those qualities
Gwenevere Abriel: To be comfortably interacting
Gwenevere Abriel: harmoniously and peacefully.
Gwenevere Abriel: And pay attention to how that lands in your body when we're all interacting
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd love to hear
Gwenevere Abriel: Interaction with every resource what that was like and and if there's any charge left in the body, and he shifts or changes.
Nicole Bacon: That felt really good like comforting really comforting and
Nicole Bacon: Gay have
Nicole Bacon: People by my side that wanna see me do good.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, that I people on my side. I could
Nicole Bacon: Physically like call and I'm feeling weird, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. And absolutely, these people are a lot of them are real people.
Gwenevere Abriel: Could reach out to at night.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to talk about substance use, or I'm having cravings. You don't have to you for me. Of course I want everyone to but it's the REACH it's I'm not suffering. I'm not in distress alone. That's pretty key for many people, they find
Gwenevere Abriel: Use the social medicine, we're wired for this reach out and connect with someone, maybe you want to give something maybe you want to ask a question. My cracker Joe want to see a movie.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have a coffee have a teammate plans, right, just because that works really well for you to set up some some structure, maybe two days or may have been missing some structure.
Nicole Bacon: Mm hmm. Yeah.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, so I'm thinking maybe like
Nicole Bacon: Making a mill and then
Nicole Bacon: Or like going on a hike and then making a meal would be nice, my friend. She's been wanting to go on a hike so
Nicole Bacon: Something that kind of like tires me out cuz the extra energy that's when I might my sleep gets all messed up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh wait, yeah. Hi Chris tasks Tashi now you've got social engagement. You've got movement you're getting in your body. It's in motion because we're creative promotion and and then making a meal like
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah, there's that kind of the plan for today.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, that's I'm going to do. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, don't let anything stop you. Go for it.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there any medicines connected to today. Do I need to let the doctor know you need medicine today.
Nicole Bacon: No got it yesterday. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then let's just meet again on Thursday at 12
Nicole Bacon: At noon. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Be good to
Nicole Bacon: Bye bye.